clarification on parent domain behavior (#19514)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/agent/guide/windows-agent-ddagent-user.md

If a user account is specified on the command line, but this user account is not found on the system, the installer attempts to create it. A password must be specified for the installation to succeed.

> If the specified user account is from a parent domain, the installer will use that user account. Please ensure there exists a user acount in the parent domain before installation, as the installer never creates a user account in the parent domain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the specified user account is from a parent domain, the installer uses that user account. Ensure there exists a user account in the parent domain before installation, as the installer never creates a user account in the parent domain.
```
